All right, so let's create a map
with some nice hover-over effects.
So the first thing I'm going to do
is these two statements right here.
There's a little bit of
code in this example.
So I'm not going to go over
every single little detail.
But let me just create this dataset,
and then show it to you.
Let me just get the first couple rows.
Okay, so notice there's 50 of them, so
you can see at the end there's 50 of them,
so for
each state we have its abbreviation.
Okay, so take Alabama for example,
we have it's population in millions,
and then we have some hover-over text.
So this hover-over text is going to
be the state abbreviation,
Alabama, then a line break,
then population 3,615,000.
This is population in 1975.
Okay.
The borders,
this is just going to be an option.
This is kind of unnecessary, but
we're just going to make those red.
Okay.
And then map options, again,
it's going to be a list.
The scope,
we want the USA to be the scope.
And just play around with these options.
I think, you'll have to just, if you want
to dramatically change this map, do it for
a different area or country, you'll have
to flub your way through it a little bit,
but I think a lot of it is quite obvious.
Like showlakes = TRUE,
just means you're going to show the lakes.
Lake color white, so in this case
I think we changed the lake color
to white just because the color
coding we're using is blue for
population, so we didn't want the lakes to
be blended in with the states
with the same color of blue.
Okay, so then plot_ly,
again, is the command,
the state_pop is just the data frame,
okay.
z is the population, text is equals hover,
that's just means we want
some hover-over text.
The locations are given
by the column name State,
type is choropleth,
location mode is USA-states.
Color is we're going to
color-code by the population.
The colors, this is just,
the palette it’s using in this case is
just the blues which is just
a continuous shade of blue.
And then this gives how it's
going to draw the markers,
in this case on the borders.
And this is then passed, the output
of plot_ly is then passed to layout,
which also then gives it not only a title,
but then it brings in these map options.
Okay?
So, let's go ahead and run that.
And for me, it wouldn't, I guess, maybe,
this is just too complicated, but
it wouldn't display in the viewer for me.
So I'm going to click Save as Web Page,
and just
overwrite the kind of template web page
that I've been using for this example.
And there it is in my browser window.
So, now what I hover over a state,
it's got the state's population.
So we could go to Alabama, for example.
You can see that's the exact text
we wanted right there, Alabama.
Okay?
All right, so try and create a map.
First thing I would say is take this
data frame that we're looking at,
it's got other columns in it,
not just population, and try and
create some other maps and
output them to web pages.
And I think as you go through it,
you'll get a better feel for the options.
So as a start, just recreate this map, and
then try to recreate one with
some of the different variables.
Try to have the color
mean a different thing.
And I think you'll find this is a pretty
handy way to create interactive maps